For the DARPA meeting in July , the group propose that they should have the question answering mock-up and transcriber interface ready for then , and also have data available.
Unfortunately , there are legal issues regarding the approval of transcripts.
Additionally , the group would like to have their data transcriptions in "production mode" by then.
However the group do not want to hire more transcribers until IBM confirms in the next 2-3 weeks the acceptability of the data.
Segmentation for the recogniser has been done by hand which the group consider "cheating" , instead now they want to use Thilo's automatic segmenter.
The classifier segmentation work is going well , but needs more data to improve results since non-native speaker data cannot be used.
For the front-end , so far the group have been using a high number of Gaussians per cluster ( 64 ) rather than the ten per cluster used by researchers at CMU , therefore they need to tune their Gaussian system to the feature vector.
The group  observed that it would be difficult to check for bugs in the generation of tandem features for the SRI system.
