9	Bmr005.s.1	Topics discussed by the Berkeley Meeting Recorder group included a potential collaboration with another ICSI member regarding the analysis of inference structures , efforts by speaker mn005 to detect speaker overlap , the current status on recordings and transcriptions , and future efforts to collect meeting data.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact41	419.187	438.83	E	Professor	fh|s	+1	2	Um , so um the one th one thing I know that we have on that is uh we had talked a {disfmarker} a couple weeks before um uh about the uh {disfmarker} the stuff you were doing with {disfmarker} with uh um uh l l attempting to locate events ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact59	501.93	506.56	E	Professor	s	+1	2	but anyway some {disfmarker} some potential collaboration there about {disfmarker} about the {disfmarker} about the {disfmarker} working with these data .
Bmr005.B.dialogueact75	532.98	542.069	B	Postdoc	fh|s	+1	2	Um , so , uh , he was interested in the question of {disfmarker} you know , relating to his {disfmarker} to the research he presented recently , um of inference structures ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact104	675.578	680.188	E	Professor	fh|s	+1	2	so um we were trying to think of ways that his interests could interact with ours
Bmr005.B.dialogueact131	755.051	756.921	B	Postdoc	s^e	+1	2	He 's interested in these {disfmarker} these knowledge structures ,
Bmr005.B.dialogueact133	756.921	759.161	B	Postdoc	s^e	+1	2	inferences that you draw {pause} i from {disfmarker}
Bmr005.D.dialogueact325	1137.32	1144.35	D	PhD	s^df	+1	2	to {disfmarker} to find a {disfmarker} a good solution to detect eh , the overlapping zone in eh speech recorded .
Bmr005.E.dialogueact631	2001.72	2011.09	E	Professor	s	+1	2	but you have {disfmarker} you have time uh , uh marked {disfmarker} twelve minute {disfmarker} the {disfmarker} the {disfmarker} the um overlaps in twelve minutes of it .
Bmr005.C.dialogueact940	2651.02	2656.89	C	PhD	qw^rt	+1	1	like very straightforward question is where we are on the amount of data and the amount of transcribed data ,
5	Bmr005.s.2	In addition to weekly meetings by the BMR group , efforts are in progress to record meetings by other ICSI research groups , as well as routine discussions by non-ICSI members.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact975	2717.19	2722.73	E	Professor	s^rt	+1	2	but there 's at least one meeting recorded of uh the uh uh natural language guys .
Bmr005.E.dialogueact983	2729.43	2736.5	E	Professor	fh|s^rt	+1	2	uh , we 've started having a morning meeting , today uh i starting a w a week or two ago , on the uh front - end issues ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact984	2736.85	2738.11	E	Professor	s	+1	2	and we 're recording those ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact985	2738.75	2744.29	E	Professor	fh|s	+1	2	uh there 's a network services and applications group here who 's agreed to have their meetings recorded ,
Bmr005.C.dialogueact1400	4021.45	4029.3	C	PhD	s	+1	2	if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it .
