4	Bmr011.s.3	To achieve greater uniformity in across-speaker recording conditions , the group decided to purchase three additional head-mounted microphones.
Bmr011.B.dialogueact115	221.89	229.633	B	Professor	s	+1	1	uh , well one thing I was gonna say was that , um , i we could get more , uh , of the head mounted microphones
Bmr011.B.dialogueact159	281.759	284.439	B	Professor	s^cs.%--	+1	1	so why don't we just go out and {disfmarker} and get an order of {disfmarker} of
Bmr011.B.dialogueact187	338.402	339.882	B	Professor	s	+1	2	but have them all be the same mike .
Bmr011.H.dialogueact242	415.01	416.78	H	Grad	s	+1	2	So we might as well get it as uniform as we can .
2	Bmr011.s.4	Future work will include recording more varied meeting data from non-ICSI discussion groups.
Bmr011.A.dialogueact1312	2730.93	2738.4	A	PhD	s^rt^tc	+1	1	I guess I wanted to , um , sort of make a pitch for trying to collect more meetings .
Bmr011.A.dialogueact1366	2811.22	2817.95	A	PhD	s^df	+1	1	because I think it 'd be good if {disfmarker} if we can get a few different sort of non - internal types of meetings
1	Bmr011.s.5	It was proposed by speaker fe016 that better communication be established between researchers involved in post-processing of the waveform and ASR.
Bmr011.A.dialogueact1709	3274.11	3281.39	A	PhD	s^cs	+1	1	but that , um , it would be helpful if I can stay in the loop somehow with , um , people who are doing any kind of post - processing ,
