The sidetrack discussion on the legal implications of the use of names
was delayed until another time.
It was decided that progress on the marking of overlaps would be
increased if focus was kept on the events of interest , rather than all
possible events , as was unecessarily being marked.
The group members will continue discussion with other colleagues
regarding their holding meetings in the recording room.
One member of the group has previous experience with energy detectors
using median filters , to help with overlap detection , and will attempt
to recall his past work in relation to the groups current needs.
Another member wishes the group to reconsider the party line that they
won't do any block echo cancellation.
The person responsible for the acoustics on the project will be
responsible for the digit taks.
