6	Bmr014.s.1	The Berkeley Meeting Recorder group discussed recording equipment issues , including the purchase of two additional headsets and the prospect of getting a new base station and a set of wireless microphones to replace those wired microphones currently in use.
Bmr014.E.dialogueact130	305.607	311.467	E	Professor	s^t	+1	1	The other topic I was thinking of was the sta status on microphones and channels , and all that .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact135	316.106	318.706	C	Grad	fh|s	+1	2	Um , the new microphones , the two new ones are in .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact148	362.777	366.077	C	Grad	s	+1	2	so what we would do is replace the wired mikes with wireless .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact152	374.424	379.964	C	Grad	s	+1	2	And so we could replace our wired mikes with wireless if we bought another base station and more wireless mikes .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact177	420.955	424.755	C	Grad	s^ar|s	+1	2	No , we 're just replacing the wired {disfmarker} the two wired that are still working ,
Bmr014.C.dialogueact181	425.731	430.201	C	Grad	s	+1	2	along with a couple of the wired that aren't working , one of the wired that 's not working , with a wireless .
4	Bmr014.s.2	Speaker fe008 presented the current status on transcriptions , and explained procedures for cleaning up transcripts and ensuring they conform with set conventions.
Bmr014.F.dialogueact376	741.152	746.75	F	Postdoc	s.x	+1	2	but I {pause} think it would come to about eleven hours that are finished uh , transcribing from them right now .
Bmr014.F.dialogueact377	747.19	754.242	F	Postdoc	s.x	+1	2	The next step is to {disfmarker} that I 'm working on is to insure that the data are clean first , and then channelized .
Bmr014.F.dialogueact380	759.402	772.691	F	Postdoc	s.x	+1	2	and also that we now incorporate these additional conventions that uh , Liz requested in terms of um , um {pause} in terms of having a s a systematic handling of numbers , and acronyms which I hadn't been specific about .
Bmr014.F.dialogueact379	757.272	759.332	F	Postdoc	s.x	+1	2	that the mark - up is consistent all the way throughout ,
2	Bmr014.s.3	Speaker mn014 briefly described his efforts to normalize loudness levels across speech channels to distinguish between foreground and background speech.
Bmr014.A.dialogueact633	1282.26	1290.76	A	PhD	fg|s	+1	2	Yeah , and I {disfmarker} and I tried t to normalize uh {disfmarker} uh the features , there 's loudness and modified loudness , um , within one channel ,
Bmr014.A.dialogueact634	1291.8	1298.03	A	PhD	s	+1	2	because they 're , {vocalsound} yeah to {disfmarker} to be able to distinguish between foreground and background speech .
6	Bmr014.s.4	Finally , the group discussed legal and procedural issues concerning the provision of transcripts to meeting participants for 'bleeping out' any sections of speech they want excluded from the Meeting Recorder database.
Bmr014.C.dialogueact23	53.682	61.392	C	Grad	s^t	+1	1	I wanna talk a little bit about getting {disfmarker} how we 're gonna to get people to edit bleeps , parts of the meeting that they don't want to include .
Bmr014.E.dialogueact645	1315.58	1318.28	E	Professor	s^t^tc	+1	2	the transcription part ? So I guess the next thing is this uh {disfmarker} bleep editing .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact648	1321.74	1327.82	C	Grad	s	+1	2	We need to provide the transcripts to every participant of every meeting to give them an opportunity to bleep out sections they don't want .
Bmr014.C.dialogueact1025	2242.22	2248.39	C	Grad	s	+1	3	" If you agree to participate you 'll have the opportunity to have anything ex anything excised , which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . "
Bmr014.C.dialogueact1029	2254.29	2258.05	C	Grad	s	+1	3	There again you will be allowed to indicate any sections that you 'd prefer to have excised from the database ,
Bmr014.C.dialogueact1030	2258.37	2261.24	C	Grad	s	+1	3	and they will m be removed both from the transcript and the recording . "
