4	Bmr005.s.13	In order to increase the number and variety of the recorded data , the group will contact the local broadcast media and discuss the possibility of arranging specially set up recordings of discussion panels.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1210	3491.9	3509.47	E	Professor	s	+1	1	Yeah . So {disfmarker} Yeah . So I {disfmarker} I {disfmarker} uh , I {disfmarker} I 'd mentioned to Adam , and {disfmarker} that was another thing I was gonna talk {disfmarker} uh , mention to them before {disfmarker} {comment} that uh there 's uh {disfmarker} It {disfmarker} it oc it occurred to me that we might be able to get some additional data by talking to uh acquaintances in local broadcast media .
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1216	3532.98	3544.21	E	Professor	fh|s	+1	0	But um , it did occur to me that we could go to friends in broadcast media and say " hey you have this panel show , {pause} or this {disfmarker} you know , this discussion show , and um can you record multi - channel ? "
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1227	3571.79	3584.21	E	Professor	s	+1	1	the other thing that occurred to me after we had that discussion , in fact , is that it 's even possible , since of course , many radio shows are not live , {comment} uh that we could invite them to have like some of their {disfmarker} {comment} record some of their shows here .
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1469	4219.24	4228.63	E	Professor	s^cs	-1	0	But what I 'm saying is uh if I talk to people that I know who do these th who produce these things we could ask them if they could record an extra channel , let 's say , of a distant mike .
2	Bmr005.s.14	Further contacts can also be made within ICSI , or the university in general.
Bmr005.C.dialogueact1400	4021.45	4029.3	C	PhD	s	+1	2	if anyone knows of one more m or two more wee meetings per week that happen at ICSI , um that we could record , I think it would be worth it .
Bmr005.B.dialogueact1423	4110.56	4120.52	B	Postdoc	s^cs	-1	0	but um it does seem to me that we might be able to get subjects from campus to come down and do something that wouldn't be too artificial .
1	Bmr005.s.15	The digit-reading will not have to be done in all these recordings.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1013	2801.82	2807.5	E	Professor	s^no	-1	0	but I don't know if in general we wanna have meetings that we record from outside this group do the digits .
1	Bmr005.s.16	What is necessary , though , is that all recordings are made using both close and distant mikes.
Bmr005.G.dialogueact1328	3880.28	3884.08	G	Grad	s	-1	0	It seems like it 's a big part of this corpus is to have the close - talking mikes .
2	Bmr005.s.17	The revised consent forms will be valid for ten meetings.
Bmr005.B.dialogueact1151	3329.52	3333.55	B	Postdoc	s	+1	1	The a apparently {disfmarker} I mean , we 're gonna do a revised form , of course .
Bmr005.B.dialogueact1156	3346.79	3351.3	B	Postdoc	s	+1	1	So I think from a s practical standpoint , maybe we could have them do it once every ten meetings , or something .
4	Bmr005.s.18	It was agreed , that , although , it's good practice to avoid sensitive material in the recordings , complete anonymisation would make them unnatural.
Bmr005.B.dialogueact257	1001.36	1006.25	B	Postdoc	s^bs^cs	-1	0	So I think it 's really {disfmarker} really kind of adaptive and wise to not mention names any more than we have to
Bmr005.C.dialogueact268	1039.83	1043.58	C	PhD	s^cs	-1	0	Yeah . I mean we should do whatever 's natural in a meeting if {disfmarker} if we weren't being recorded .
Bmr005.G.dialogueact278	1064.63	1070.84	G	Grad	s^e	-1	0	If we wanna go through and extract from the audio and the written every time someone says a name .
Bmr005.G.dialogueact280	1071.77	1074.25	G	Grad	s^bu	-1	0	And I thought that our conclusion was that we didn't want to do that .
1	Bmr005.s.19	From a research point of view , only exploratory work ( preliminary measurements , etc ) can be done until more data are collected.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact1265	3690.3	3698.27	E	Professor	s	-1	0	Yeah . So I was thinking right now it 's sort of this exploratory stuff where you {disfmarker} you look at the data , you use some primitive measures and get a feeling for what the scatter plots look like ,
4	Bmr005.s.20	The transcription of the acoustic events in the first session will continue , but focusing only on speaker overlaps , in order to speed up progress.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact689	2118.87	2123.71	E	Professor	qw^cs	-1	0	how {disfmarker} how would it affect your time if you only marked speaker overlaps ?
Bmr005.E.dialogueact688	2114.56	2118.87	E	Professor	s.%--	-1	0	but in the interests of making progress , uh might I s
Bmr005.E.dialogueact770	2286.93	2290.81	E	Professor	s^bs^rt	+1	0	the idea was , i we i i we thought it would be useful for him to look at the data anyway ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact859	2477.22	2486.23	E	Professor	s^cs	+1	2	but I mean we {disfmarker} {comment} if uh {disfmarker} if he could speed up what he was doing by just getting the speaker overlaps so that we had it , say , for forty - five minutes , then at least we 'd have three hundred examples of it .
2	Bmr005.s.21	Parallelly , a simple program to detect those overlapping zones will be run , and its results compared with the hand-coded material.
Bmr005.E.dialogueact826	2395.36	2407.54	E	Professor	fh|s	-1	0	So , I think it was partly that , you know , give somebody a chance to actually look at the data and see what these are like , partly that we have e some ground truth to compare against , you know , when {disfmarker} when he {disfmarker} he gets his thing going ,
Bmr005.E.dialogueact862	2486.23	2490.84	E	Professor	s^cs	+1	0	And when {disfmarker} when uh Adam was doing his automatic thing he could then compare to that and see what it was different .
1	Bmr005.s.22	Finally , it was agreed that there will be further study into the use of inference structures in the analysis of meetings more closely.
Bmr005.B.dialogueact115	724.805	729.345	B	Postdoc	s^df	-1	0	Uh , he was {disfmarker} he {disfmarker} he {disfmarker} you know {disfmarker} We met and he was gonna go and uh you know , y look through them more systematically
