A large part of the discussion centred around ways to get more data.
The main source of this would be to get different groups to have
meetings in the recording room.
There are groups willing to do this,
and some who aren't.
It might be possible to hold discussions , so long
as they were not too artificial.
It may also be possible to get local
radio shows to provide data.
A number of issues also arose from discussion of one member's work on
identifying overlapping speech events.
These included observing that
the different mikes produce different signals , which is necessary for
studying different phenomena , and a discussion of why he is using hand
coding rather than automatic methods.
Currently the group has decided not to perform block echo cancellation
on their data , to deal with features and approaches that would be
robust for a recogniser.
One member of the group believes they really
should consider this.
They also discussed the idea of a colleague who is studying inference
structures using their data.
The sidetrack discussion on the legal implications of the use of names
was delayed until another time.
It was decided that progress on the marking of overlaps would be
increased if focus was kept on the events of interest , rather than all
possible events , as was unecessarily being marked.
The group members will continue discussion with other colleagues
regarding their holding meetings in the recording room.
One member of the group has previous experience with energy detectors
using median filters , to help with overlap detection , and will attempt
to recall his past work in relation to the groups current needs.
Another member wishes the group to reconsider the party line that they
won't do any block echo cancellation.
The person responsible for the acoustics on the project will be
responsible for the digit taks.
One problem some of the group members are having is with mentioning
peoples names.
They not are not entirely aware of the legal
ramifications of this.
They are aware that they are being sensitive
to this , and no saying peoples names , thus perhaps acting falsely.
Not mentioning names may also be a problem when it comes to any form
of indexing , with too many pronouns to keep track of.
People need to be aware of what they want their data to contain,
because different mikes provide different signals , so it can be a
problem if you are unaware of this.
Getting non-group subjects to have meetings is a problem.
Both
getting them to the site , and the infrequency that their meetings
would be held.
So far , the group has accumulated 12-13 hours of data , with 45 minutes
of it having been transcribed.
They are almost ready to send a
further 10 hours to IBM for transcription.
One member of the group has started work with the first transcribed 45
minutes to look at overlapping events.
The original transcription
indicated approximately 300 of these events.
So far , in 12 hours of
work , he has more strictly coded 12 minutes.
In that 12 minutes he
has identified over 1000 non-speech events.
The individual interested in using the data for his work is currently
looking through it to see if he can use it , and he will get back to
the group.
The recording consent form is currently being revised , and it will be
valid for a certain number of meetings.
