1	Bmr026.s.1	This is a relatively short meeting of the Meeting Recorder group , with only a few agenda items.
Bmr026.A.dialogueact2	1.751	5.341	A	Grad	s^t	+1	1	So , I think this is gonna be a pretty short meeting because I have four agenda items ,
4	Bmr026.s.2	Transcription was discussed briefly because Jane was not present , however this appears to be progressing well in parallel with IBM.
Bmr026.A.dialogueact3	5.501	9.972	A	Grad	s	+1	1	three of them were requested by Jane who is not gonna be at the meeting today .
Bmr026.F.dialogueact8	21.55	31.88	F	PhD	h|s	+1	2	Um {disfmarker} Well first of all with IBM I got a note from Brian yesterday saying that they finally made the tape for the thing that we sent them a {pause} week or week and a half ago
Bmr026.F.dialogueact13	33.35	36.397	F	PhD	s	+1	2	and hopefully next week we 'll have the transcription back from that .
Bmr026.E.dialogueact29	68.93	70.01	E	Grad	s^bu	+1	2	So we 're doing some in parallel .
10	Bmr026.s.3	Web pages have been set up to show transcription status and to allow participants to approve transcripts.
Bmr026.F.dialogueact92	177.67	185.65	F	PhD	s	+1	2	so I 've been trying to keep a web page uh up to date f showing what the current status is of the trans of all the things we 've collected
Bmr026.F.dialogueact97	191.48	194.59	F	PhD	s	+1	2	That 's the thing that I sent out just to foo people saying can you update these pages
Bmr026.A.dialogueact106	207.378	211.848	A	Grad	s	+1	2	So Jane also wanted to talk about participant approval , but I don't really think there 's much to talk about .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact110	218.878	227.638	A	Grad	s^cc	+1	2	I 'm gonna send out to the participants , uh , with links to web pages which contain the transcripts and allow them to {pause} suggest edits .
Bmr026.C.dialogueact115	233.096	235.786	C	PhD	qy^bu^d^rt	+1	2	So but it 's just transcripts , not the {disfmarker} not the audio ?
Bmr026.A.dialogueact116	235.955	237.985	A	Grad	s^ar|s	+1	2	Nope , they 'll have access to the audio also .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact121	241.41	243.66	A	Grad	s	+1	2	Because the transcripts might not be right .
Bmr026.F.dialogueact125	245.77	249.91	F	PhD	qy^d^rt	+1	2	So , um the audio that they 're gonna have access to , will that be the uncompressed version ?
Bmr026.F.dialogueact126	249.91	252.84	F	PhD	qrr.%-	+1	2	Or will you have scripts that like uncompress the various pieces and {disfmarker}
Bmr026.A.dialogueact129	254.95	263.53	A	Grad	h|s	+1	2	Yeah , it 's {disfmarker} it 's probably going to have to be the uncompressed versions because , uh , uh , it takes too long to do random access decompression .
5	Bmr026.s.4	DARPA demos are progressing well with the back-end indexed to allow front-end filtering , and a potential demo ideas investigated which would use X Waves.
Bmr026.A.dialogueact139	277.55	280.14	A	Grad	h|s	+1	2	Um , DARPA demo status , not much to say .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact140	280.14	282.11	A	Grad	s	+1	2	The back - end stuff is working out fine .
Bmr026.E.dialogueact165	339.56	344.885	E	Grad	fg|s^tc	+1	2	And , also um , I was just showing Andreas , I got um an X Waves kind of display ,
Bmr026.E.dialogueact166	344.885	346.795	E	Grad	s^no	+1	2	and I don't know how much more we can do with it {disfmarker}
Bmr026.E.dialogueact167	346.795	353.095	E	Grad	s	+1	2	with like the prosodic stuff where we have like stylized pitches and signals and the transcripts on the bottom
6	Bmr026.s.5	Transcriber is now working for Windows , however live pitch contours may not work in the time available.
Bmr026.C.dialogueact185	377.059	379.859	C	PhD	s	+1	2	I 've been putting together uh Transcriber things for Windows
Bmr026.D.dialogueact247	489.072	503.97	D	PhD	s^cs	+1	4	But {disfmarker} But it would be cool if the Transcriber interface had like another window for the {disfmarker} you know , maybe above the waveform where it would show some arbitrary valued function that is {disfmarker} that is you know time synchron ti ti time synchronous with the wavform .
Bmr026.E.dialogueact284	540.42	542.04	E	Grad	s	+1	4	and see the pitch contours also .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact290	548.043	550.853	A	Grad	s.%-	+1	4	Just record the audio clip and show an image and I think that 's {disfmarker}
Bmr026.B.dialogueact300	570.986	577.156	B	Professor	s	+1	4	and , {vocalsound} the more live , the better , but uh , given the crunch of time , we may have to retreat from it to some extent .
Bmr026.B.dialogueact301	577.156	585.566	B	Professor	s	+1	4	So I think {disfmarker} {pause} For a lot of reasons , I think it would be very nice to have this Transcriber interface be able to show some other interesting signal along with it
3	Bmr026.s.6	Backed-up disk space is now fine , however temporary space is running out fast.
Bmr026.A.dialogueact311	612.03	615.56	A	Grad	s^tc	+1	1	And the last i item on the agenda is disk issues yet again .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact313	617.88	621.66	A	Grad	s	+1	2	We 're {disfmarker} We 're only about thirty percent on the second disk .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact315	626.36	632.05	A	Grad	s	+1	2	but we are like ninety five percent , ninety eight percent on the scratch disks for the expanded meetings .
4	Bmr026.s.7	Interim measures are discussed while sysadmin are away.
Bmr026.B.dialogueact374	739.545	742.455	B	Professor	fh|s^df^f	+1	3	Uh , you know Dave Johnson is gone for , like , ten days ,
Bmr026.B.dialogueact503	907.655	910.685	B	Professor	s	+1	4	I mean it 's just a question of figuring out where they should be and hanging them ,
Bmr026.B.dialogueact536	978.258	981.158	B	Professor	s	+1	4	So this is a question that 's pretty hard to solve without talking to Dave ,
Bmr026.B.dialogueact601	1097.29	1101.06	B	Professor	s	+1	5	But at any rate I think that there 's a {disfmarker} there 's a longer term thing and there 's immediate need
4	Bmr026.s.8	Improvement has been made in the final version of the PLP , which shows better female performance , and combined with Mel Ceptra offers 1.5% improvement.
Bmr026.D.dialogueact766	1464.77	1478.67	D	PhD	fh|s	+1	2	um yot I tested the uh {disfmarker} the sort of final version of the PLP configuration um on development test data for {disfmarker} for this year 's Hub - five test set .
Bmr026.D.dialogueact768	1479.43	1491.08	D	PhD	s	+1	2	And the recognition performance was exactly , and I mean exactly up to the {disfmarker} you know , the first decimal , same as with the uh Mel Cepstra front - end .
Bmr026.D.dialogueact775	1498.87	1503.79	D	PhD	s	+1	2	They {disfmarker} They were {disfmarker} The males I think were slightly better and the females were slightly worse but nothing really .
Bmr026.D.dialogueact780	1505.85	1511.74	D	PhD	s	+1	2	And then the really nice thing was that if {disfmarker} if we combine the two systems we get a one and a half percent improvement .
2	Bmr026.s.9	Digit performance also improved thanks to training using scripted speech data.
Bmr026.D.dialogueact834	1627.49	1633.04	D	PhD	s^tc.%--	+1	2	And then we had some results on {pause} digits , uh , with um {disfmarker}
Bmr026.D.dialogueact840	1650.36	1654.44	D	PhD	s	+1	2	And the reason is basically there 's a whole bunch of read speech data in the Hub - five training set .
1	Bmr026.s.10	Progress has also been made in SRI alignment for tandem system.
Bmr026.D.dialogueact912	1796.08	1801.81	D	PhD	s^tc	+1	2	And then I th guess Chuck and I had some discussions about how to proceed with the tandem uh system
11	Bmr026.s.11	The group note that the annual report needs to be worked on for next week , and it is also suggested to hold recognition meetings separately , however these issues will be discussed in more detail at the next meeting.
Bmr026.B.dialogueact617	1153.73	1168.18	B	Professor	s	+1	2	so something that we wanna do next meeting is {disfmarker} is uh to put together um , a kind of reasonable list for ourselves of what is it , um , that we 've done .
Bmr026.B.dialogueact618	1169.05	1176.16	B	Professor	s	+1	2	I mean just sort of bulletize I mean o e do do I can {disfmarker} I can dream up text but {pause} this is basically gonna lead to the annual report .
Bmr026.A.dialogueact623	1181.72	1182.8	A	Grad	qy^bu^d^rt	+1	2	So just a week from tomorrow ?
Bmr026.D.dialogueact652	1229.89	1246.49	D	PhD	fg|s^tc	+1	2	Um {disfmarker} Uh {disfmarker} One thing {disfmarker} I mean {disfmarker} we {disfmarker} {vocalsound} {vocalsound} in past meetings we had um also a you know various {disfmarker} variously talked about the um work that w uh was happening sort of on the {disfmarker} on the recognition side
Bmr026.D.dialogueact660	1273.97	1285.57	D	PhD	s	+1	2	Well , it 's that {disfmarker} It 's just gonna be ver very boring for people who are not you know , sort of really interested in the details of the recognition system .
Bmr026.B.dialogueact663	1286.42	1292.64	B	Professor	fg|qw	+1	2	Well , OK , so how many {disfmarker} how many people here would not be interested in uh {disfmarker} in a meeting about recognition ?
Bmr026.D.dialogueact677	1305.43	1306.47	D	PhD	s	+1	2	Liz and Jane probably .
Bmr026.F.dialogueact712	1369.71	1372.31	F	PhD	qw^cs^rt	+1	2	Why don't we alternate this meeting every other week ?
Bmr026.F.dialogueact725	1386.2	1391.17	F	PhD	s	+1	2	But I do I don't {disfmarker} I mean a lot of times lately it seems like we don't really have enough for a full meeting on Meeting Recorder .
Bmr026.B.dialogueact741	1402.85	1409.48	B	Professor	s^cs	+1	2	And then if we find , you know we 're just not getting enough done , there 's all these topics not coming up , then we can expand into another meeting .
Bmr026.B.dialogueact744	1411.63	1420.29	B	Professor	fh|s^cs.%--	+1	3	Uh . So uh . Um . Let 's chat about it with Liz and Jane {pause} when we get a chance , see what they think and {disfmarker}
