This meeting mainly outlines the progress of the meeting recorder project.
In particular , the group discuss their preparation of materials for the transcriptions of digits by IBM , and also the human transcribers who are working towards preparing the set of 20 for the DARPA meeting.
Other discussion focuses on the re-evaluation of recognition without cheating on segmentation , and also how SRI recognition can be improved , especially for the female group.
A number of issues regarding the management of data are addressed by the group:
The inclusion of different data types in the corpus , and the storage and back-up of the group's data.
Progress has been made in naming conventions , with file reorganisation to be done at a later date , however this was not discussed fully due to Chuck's absence.
Finally , Absinthe is now up and running with improved performance.
Discussion of demos for the July DARPA meeting were left to the individuals concerned.
