The group discuss whether this meeting will relate to either meeting recorder or speech recognition issues.
They decide that covering such topics over alternate weeks will commence at the next meeting , although other topics will be discussed if time allows.
The group decide that it would be good to set a date for having the non-native network services group data , and one or two weeks before the 15th of July is suggested.
With regard to contacting participants to request consent , the group decide that no signature is required , and an e-mail would be enough.
However for "boundary cases" legal advice would be sought.
As soon as the next set of data is ready for checking , participants should be contacted , so that this process is on-going.
When the deadline for giving consent is approaching , a reminder e-mail should be sent out.
In cases where no consent response is given , participants could be chased up since many are local.
Original uncensored copies of meetings will be kept , with all of the old signal deleted and replaced with new when censoring.
