I wanna talk a little bit about getting {disfmarker} how we 're gonna to get people to edit bleeps , parts of the meeting that they don't want to include .
OK audio monitoring , Jane .
In listening to {pause} some of these meetings that have already been recorded there are sometimes big spikes on particular things ,
" Spikes " , you mean like uh , instantaneous click type spikes , or {disfmarker} ?
Yeah .
I guess {pause} I would like to have a discussion about you know where we are on uh , recording , transcription
you know , basically you know where we are on the corpus .
The other topic I was thinking of was the sta status on microphones and channels , and all that .
Um , the new microphones , the two new ones are in .
Um . {pause} And they are being assembled as we speak , I hope .
First of all , if the other headsets are a lot more comfortable , we should probably just go ahead and get them .
So we 'll have to evaluate that when they come in ,
and get people 's opinions on {disfmarker} on what they think of them .
So how many channels do you get to have in a wireless setup ?
Um , well , I 'm pretty sure that you can daisy - chain them together
so what we would do is replace the wired mikes with wireless .
So we currently have one base station with six wireless mike ,
And so we could replace our wired mikes with wireless if we bought another base station and more wireless mikes .
So we 're not increasing the number of channels .
No , we 're just replacing the wired {disfmarker} the two wired that are still working ,
along with a couple of the wired that aren't working , one of the wired that 's not working , with a wireless .
Um I heard from UW that they 're {disfmarker} they 're uh very close to getting their , uh setup purchased .
Well we should talk to them about it because I know that SRI is also in the process of looking at stuff ,
and so , you know , what we should try to keep everyone {disfmarker} on the same page with that .
Was {disfmarker} the decision last time was that the {disfmarker} the uh transcribers were going to be doing stuff with the digits as well ?
Has that started , or is that {disfmarker} ?
Yeah .
I {disfmarker} I don't think it 'll take too long .
So , you know , just uh , a matter of a few days I suspect .
Uh , transcriptions , uh , beyond the digits , where we are , and so on .
Well , so um , should we {disfmarker} we don't wan wanna do the recording status first , or {disfmarker} ?
Well , we have about thirty - two hours
That 's including digits .
There 's got to be more than thirty hour {disfmarker}
Of {disfmarker} of non - digits ?
I mean , the digits don't take up that much time .
but I {pause} think it would come to about eleven hours that are finished uh , transcribing from them right now .
The next step is to {disfmarker} that I 'm working on is to insure that the data are clean first , and then channelized .
What I mean by clean is that they 're spell - checked ,
that the mark - up is consistent all the way throughout ,
and also that we now incorporate these additional conventions that uh , Liz requested in terms of um , um {pause} in terms of having a s a systematic handling of numbers , and acronyms which I hadn't been specific about .
So there are numbers , then there are acronyms ,
and then um , there 's a {disfmarker} he she wants the uh , actually a {disfmarker} an explicit marker of what type of comment this is ,
so i curly b inside the curly brackets I 'm gonna put either " VOC " for vocalized ,
like cough or like laugh or whatever ,
" NONVOC " for door - slam ,
and " GLOSS " for things that have to do with {disfmarker} if they said a s a spoken form with this {disfmarker} m this pronunciation error .
So , um , {vocalsound} um I 'm {disfmarker} I 'm going to convert that via a filter , into these tagged uh , subcategorized comments ,
But the numbers and acronyms have to be handled by hand ,
How are you doing the uh , acronyms so if I say PZM what would it appear on the transcript ?
The letters would be separated in space
the next step is to work on tightening up the boundaries of the time bins .
And uh , Thilo had a {disfmarker} e e a breakthrough with this {disfmarker} this last week in terms of getting the channel - based um uh s s speech - nonspeech segmentation um , up and running
actually um I have a segment of ten minutes that was transcribed by two of our transcribers ,
and I went through it last night , it 's {disfmarker} it 's almost spooky how similar these are , word for word .
Oh , it 's just uh , I ran the recognizer {disfmarker} uh , the {pause} {comment} speech - nonspeech detector on different channels
and , it 's just in uh {disfmarker} in this new multi - channel format and output ,
as uh , apparently the recognizer had problems with those long chunks of speech , which took too much memory or whatever ,
The basic thing is this HMM base .
Yeah , and I {disfmarker} and I tried t to normalize uh {disfmarker} uh the features , there 's loudness and modified loudness , um , within one channel ,
because they 're , {vocalsound} yeah to {disfmarker} to be able to distinguish between foreground and background speech .
And it works quite well .
But , not always .
the transcription part ? So I guess the next thing is this uh {disfmarker} bleep editing .
We need to provide the transcripts to every participant of every meeting to give them an opportunity to bleep out sections they don't want .
but the way I imagined it was that um , the largest set of people is gonna go " oh yeah , I didn't say anything funny in that meeting
just go ahead ,
where 's the {disfmarker} where 's the release ? "
OK there 'll be a subset of people , who um , will say uh " well , yeah , I really would like to see that . "
And for them , the easiest way to flip through , if it 's a really large document ,
I mean unless you 're searching .
Searching , of course , should be electronic ,
Are {disfmarker} are people going to be allowed to bleep out sections of a meeting where they weren't speaking ?
If someone feels strongly enough about it , then I {disfmarker} I {disfmarker} I think they should be allowed to do that .
So that means other people are editing what you say ?
And , you know where it 's really gonna hurt somebody , in some way {disfmarker}
the one who said it or someone who is being spoken about , {comment} we definitely want to allow the option of it being bleeped out .
But I really think we wanna make it the rare incidence .
And {disfmarker} and uh , I am just a little worried about making it so easy for people to do ,
" If you agree to participate you 'll have the opportunity to have anything ex anything excised , which you would prefer not to have included in the data set . "
the consent form is right in there if anyone wants to look at it ,
" Once a transcript is available we will ask your permission to include the data in the corpus for the r larger research community .
There again you will be allowed to indicate any sections that you 'd prefer to have excised from the database ,
and they will m be removed both from the transcript and the recording . "
So I {disfmarker} I just want it to be worded in such a way where it gives the strong impre it gives very , I mean nothing hidden , v very strongly the bias that we would really like to use all of these data .
That {disfmarker} that we really would rather it wasn't a patchwork of things tossed out ,
It just sends me the time intervals .
And then at some point I 'll incorporate them all and put bleeps .
Well since you seem to feel heart uh , strongest about it , would you like to do the first pass ?
Again let 's you know , sort of circulate the {disfmarker} the wording on each of these things and get it right ,
