ICSI's Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley meets to discuss , for the most part , progress on the Aurora Project.
The main areas being worked on were the voice activity detector and the tandem data streams.
The group discussed possible further investigations that arose from these areas , including better linking the two.
They also consider how aspects of an absent member's work might be applied to the current project.
The meeting closed with a discussion of upcoming absences , and how meetings would continue.
Speaker me018 must confirm what is needed to work with the new software in terms of adjustments with someone further up the project chain.
The system at it's current stage employs the neural networks and second stream , but the group leader would like the network investigated separately , incase it is hurting performance.
There are worries regarding the need to make adjustments so the new software can handle the group's different feature set.
The system , whilst improved , also has increased latency , and while the limit has not been set , the group need to reduce it.
Likewise the number of features the use in their system , since this has been set at an arbitrarily low value.
There has been an increase in the number of deletion in the errors , which is of some concern.
Speaker mn007 has been implementing a new voice activity detector on noise compensated data , and it performs much better.
He has also been working on the tandem neural network.
Speaker me013 , along with a student , submitted work on reverberation for a speech workshop.
Speaker me018 has downloaded and compiled the software he was asked to work with in the previous meeting.
