Although the members of ICSI's Meeting Recorder Group at Berkeley had little progress to report , there were still a number of issues relating to their work to discuss.
These included making plans for upcoming experiments , clarifying definitions , and approaches which may or may not be against the rules of the Aurora project , alongside alternatives that would not be.
There was also debate about the necessary continuation of a group report.
Plans were also made with regard to a visitor from research partner OGI
For next weeks meeting , speaker me018 will provide numbers on his experiments into adjusting insertion penalties.
Speaker me013 feels that mn007 and fn002 should just put together the coherent bare-bones of their report , and move back to experimenting , leaving the report for the end of the project.
He also feels that they should discuss some aspects of future work , for clarity's sake , with the visitor from OGI.
The main project the group is working on , Aurora , has a number of rules attaches as to what developers can and cannot play with , but this needs to be clarified.
The rules are adhered to in the small community , but make no sense from a broader research perspective.
While writing their report , mn007 and fn002 have noticed some tables contain only partial results , and there are things they do not recall the reasoning behind.
Speaker me018 has done a little initial research into the next area he is to look at , adjusting the scaling and the insertion penalties.
Playing with the latter made little difference , though was coming from a different feature set.
Speakers mn007 and fn002 have been working on their report , logically writing up everything they have done so far.
Mn007 has also been working with a new dataset , preparing it for use as a more realistic source of noise , though it is not clear if this is allowed.
Speaker me006 has continued to look at phonetic events , and has come up with a plan for his future work.
