So what we had {pause} was that we were gonna talk about data collection ,
and other tasks during data collection ,
what can you add to it to get , um , some information that would be helpful for the user - interface design ?
But if we had the CrossPads , we could ask people , you know , if {disfmarker} if something comes up {vocalsound} write it down and mark it {vocalsound} {pause} somehow ,
Right . I mean , we {disfmarker} because you 'd have several people with these pads , you could collect different things .
I mean , the down - side to that is that he sort of indicated that the , uh , quality of {vocalsound} the handwriting recognition was quite poor .
So the there will be jargon that we he There 'll be transcription errors .
which is when you say " Jimlet " and the person listening won't know what that is , sh shou How {disfmarker} how do we get {disfmarker} Is that important information ?
So , actually there 's kind of three issues .
There 's the CrossPad issue .
Should we do it and , if so , what 'll we have them do ?
Um , do we have s people write summaries ?
Everybody or one person ?
And then , do we ask people for how they would query things ?
in that where {disfmarker} or when do you actually ask them about that ?
And , uh , once we get out beyond our little group , the people 's motivation factor , uh , reduces enormously .
And {disfmarker} and I also , um , was thinking , with reference to the n uh , note - taking ,
the advantage there is that you get structure without the person having to do something artificial later .
And the fir third thing I wanted to say is the summaries afterwards ,
um , I think they should be recorded instead of written
That normally at most meetings somebody is delegated to be a note - taker .
And {disfmarker} So why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes ?
And , you can also have notes of the meeting .
But I bet that 's {disfmarker} that will allow you to go into the {disfmarker} sort of the hot places where people are writing things down .
So , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not to {pause} be using that for other purposes , {comment} and each person has a note pad . They just get it when they come in the room . Then you c you can just have a fff {comment} plot of wh you know , who 's writing when .
but if we were asking the question , which I thought we were , of {disfmarker} of {disfmarker} of , um , " how do we figure out what 's the nature of the queries that people are gonna want to ask of such a system ? " , knowing what 's important doesn't tell you what people are going to be asking .
But I bet it 's a good {pause} superset of it .
i We {disfmarker} we have five hours of pilot data of the other stuff
but we have zero hours of {disfmarker} of {disfmarker} of queries .
Um , the second thing you could possibly do with it is just run a little pilot experiment with somebody saying " here 's a summary of a meeting , what questions might you want to ask about it to go back ? "
I guess if you had a meeting participant , they could use the summary to refresh themselves about the meeting and then make up queries .
But th there is this , um {disfmarker} {vocalsound} {vocalsound} {vocalsound} There is this class of queries , which are the things that you didn't realize were important at the time
but some in retrospect you think " oh , hang on , didn't we talk about that ? "
And it 's something that didn't appear in the summary but you {disfmarker}
now I 'm thinking that the summary {disfmarker} a summary , uh , is actually a reasonable , uh , bootstrap into this {disfmarker} into what we 'd like to get at .
So now we have five hours of meetings
and , uh , you ask me , uh , uh , " Morgan , what d you know , what kind of questions do you want to ask ? "
Uh , I wouldn't have any idea what kind of questions I want to ask .
So in fact if I looked at summary of it , I 'd go " oh , yeah , I was in that meeting ,
but in most meetings that I attend , there 's somebody t explicitly taking notes , frequently on a laptop {disfmarker}
Um , and then they post - edit it into , uh , a summary
and they email it out for minutes .
I {disfmarker} e My thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing
Whereas if you just say it immediately after the meeting ,
you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , I think you would get ,
So , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards ,
Y you should also have a record of what 's on the board .
but for instance , I mean , the outline is sort of up here
I think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera
just to take pictures of who 's there ,
where the microphones are ,
and then we could also put in what 's on the board .
You know , like three or four snaps for every {disfmarker}
But I think adding photographs adds a whole nother level of problems .
You know , fusing gesture and face recognition ,
But I 'm just saying first of all there 's a whole bunch of fusion issues that DARPA 's interested in .
But that {disfmarker} it 's gonna be a lot of effort on our part to create it , and store it ,
and get all the standards , and to do anything with it .
Well , minimally , I mean , what {disfmarker} what Dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people ,
Also CMU has been doing this
And they have {pause} said , I talked to the student who had done this , {comment} that with two fairly inexpensive cameras they {disfmarker} they just recorded all the time
So I think we would be {disfmarker} we might lose the chance to use this data for somebody later who wants to do some kind of processing on it if we don't collect it {comment} at all .
I think that if you have that , then people who are interested in vision can use this database . The problem with it is you 'll have more people who don't want to be filmed than who don't want to be recorded .
But I think y she 's {disfmarker} we 're just proposing {pause} a minimal preservation of things on boards ,
But , you know , that 's a lot of infrastructure and work .
I think at the moment we should be determining this on the basis of our own , uh , interests and needs rather than hypothetical ones from a community thing .
Like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a Polaroid of the {disfmarker} {vocalsound} of the {disfmarker} of the boards ,
So {disfmarker} {vocalsound} so the question {comment} that {disfmarker} that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during {disfmarker} during th during the collection .
And I guess the CrossPads was certainly one idea ,
I guess the point was to try {disfmarker} again , to try to collect more information that could be useful later for {disfmarker} for the UI stuff .
I think it 'd be useful to have a small amount of it just as a proof of concept .
I guess a lot of the stuff we 're doing now really is pilot
I think , though , the importance marking is a {pause} good idea , though .
OK . So CrossPads , we 're just gonna try it and see what happens .
So , I j I think we should just say this is not {disfmarker} we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could {disfmarker} could they send it to us ?
Yeah . What I was gonna say is that I don't want to ask people to do something they wouldn't normally do in a meeting .
And then Jane 's idea of summarization afterward I think is not a bad one .
because I think {disfmarker} I know when I see the {disfmarker} the clock coming near the end of the meeting , I 'm like inching towards the door .
you 're probably not gonna get {pause} a lot of people wanting to do this .
Yeah . I think that {disfmarker} I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time .
Well , I think it 's like the note - taking thing ,
that {disfmarker} that y that you can't {disfmarker} certainly can't require it
or people aren't gonna want to do this .
But {disfmarker} but if there 's some cases where they will , then it would be helpful .
the question I had about queries was , um , so what we 're planning to do is have people look at the summaries and then generate queries ?
so , the question I had is is have we given any thought to how we would generate queries automatically given a summary ?
I mean , I think that 's a whole research topic un unto itself ,
u I {disfmarker} I actually think that {disfmarker} that , uh , again , just as a bootstrap , {comment} if we do have something like summaries , then having the people who are involved in the meetings themselves , who are cooperative and willing to do yet more , come up with {disfmarker} with {disfmarker} with queries , uh , could at least give {disfmarker} give Landay an idea of the kind of things that people might want to know .
I 'm also wondering if we could ask the {disfmarker} the people a {disfmarker} a question
which would be " what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting ? "
it might be , you know , that the summary would {disfmarker} would not in even include what the person thought was the most interesting fact .
So , I mean , you could ge pick up some of the micro items that wouldn't even occur as major headings
I think it wouldn't be too , uh , uh , cost - intensive either .
We 'll {disfmarker} I mean , we 'll {disfmarker} we 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this is {disfmarker} is to d generate queries in the future ,
And then I 'm trying to fi I mean , that 's {disfmarker} that 's when I look {disfmarker} in general when I look things up most , is when it 's something that {vocalsound} didn't really stick in my head the first time around
And it might be something minor {disfmarker} of minor importance to the meeting .
and {disfmarker} but for some {comment} new reason I 'm {disfmarker} I 'm {disfmarker} I 'm interested in {disfmarker} in {disfmarker} in the old stuff .
I {disfmarker} I {disfmarker} I mean , I guess what I what I {disfmarker} I keep coming back to in my own mind is that , um , the soonest we can do it , we need to get up some kind of system
so that people who 've been involved in the meeting can go back later ,
even if it 's a poor system in some ways ,
and , uh {disfmarker} and ask the questions that they actually want to know .
If {disfmarker} you know , if {disfmarker} uh , as soon as we can get that going at any kind of level , then I think we 'll have a much better handle on what kind of questions people want to ask than in any {disfmarker} anything we do before that .
CrossPads we were going to try ,
um , if Landay can get the , uh {disfmarker} get them to {disfmarker} to you guys ,
um , and see if they 're interesting .
getting electronic summary from a note - taking person if they happen to do it anyway .
getting {pause} just , uh , digital pictures {disfmarker}
a couple digital pictures of the {disfmarker} the table and boards to set the context of the meeting .
Uh , and then going around the room at the end to just say {disfmarker} qu ask people to mention something interesting that they learned .
And then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary .
They 'd be s they 'd be separate .
They wouldn't be hearing each other 's summaries .
And {disfmarker} and that would also be that the data would be included in the database .
Well , and again , if we can figure out a way to jimmy a {disfmarker} a {disfmarker} a {disfmarker} a very rough system , say in a year , then {disfmarker} uh , so that in the second and third years we {disfmarker} we actually have something to {disfmarker}
Play with and generate real queries from .
I mean , {vocalsound} {vocalsound} the level of the query could be , you know , very low - level or very high - level .
you know , if this is something that requires a {disfmarker} a one - word answer or it 's one place in the recording versus was there general agreement on this issue of all the people who ha
You know , you can gen you can ask queries that are meaningful for people .
But they won't exist anywhere in the {pause} a you know {disfmarker}
Absolutely . So I think we 're gonna have to start with keywords
I I was wondering if {disfmarker} if there might be one s more source of queries
which is indicator phrases like " action item " ,
which could be obtained from the text {disfmarker} from the transcript .
What I have down for action items is we 're supposed to find out about our human subject , um , {vocalsound} requirements .
people are supposed to send me U R
for their {disfmarker} for web pages ,
to c and I 'll put together an overall cover .
And {disfmarker} and you also need to look at your web page
and clean it up by mid - July .
Uh , you need to put together a mailing list .
In {disfmarker} in our phone call , uh , before , we {disfmarker} we , uh {disfmarker} It turns out the way we 're gonna send the data is by , uh ,
and then what they 're gonna do is take the CD - ROM and transfer it to analog tape
and {vocalsound} give it to a transcription service , uh , that will {disfmarker}
Oh , is this IBM ?
Yeah .
Uh , so do they {disfmarker} How are they gonna do the multi - channel ?
and then there will be some things {disfmarker} you know , many things that don't work out well .
I {disfmarker} I m emailed them the Transcriber URL ,
um , the on - line , uh , data that Adam set up ,
so they can click on an utterance and hear it .
and I emailed them the str streamlined conventions
Right . And I was gonna m email them the {disfmarker} which I haven't yet , a pointer to {disfmarker} to the web pages that we {disfmarker} that we currently have ,
cuz in particular they want to see the one with the {disfmarker} the way the recording room is set up
Not an immediate action item but something we do have to worry about is data formats for {disfmarker} for higher - level information .
uh , I need to email Adam or Jane ,
um , about getting the data .
Eh , so I 'm just interested in getting transcriptions .
different level , prosody and all that sort of stuff .
We 're gonna have to figure out how we 're gonna annotate that .
But that 's not {disfmarker} That 's display .
We discussed , uh , musi musical score notation
W My {disfmarker} my u feeling right now on format is you guys have been doing all the work
and whatever you want , we 're happy to live with .
We also had the , uh , uh {disfmarker} that we were s uh , that you were gonna get us the eight - hundred number
we 're gonna call up your Communicator thing
and {disfmarker} and we 're gonna be good slash bad ,
depending on how you define it , uh , users .
Now , something that I mentioned earlier to Mari and Liz is that it 's probably important to get as many non - technical and non - speech people as possible
So if you could ask other people to call and use our system , that 'd be good .
We talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at UW .
I 'm {disfmarker} I 'm shooting to try to get it done {disfmarker} get it put together by {pause} the beginning of August .
Um , and he also said something about outside {disfmarker} there {disfmarker} that came up about the outside text sources , that he {disfmarker} he may have
Yeah , that was {disfmarker} uh , that was {disfmarker} What he was saying was this {disfmarker} he {disfmarker} this thing that , uh , Jason had been working on finds web pages that are thematically related to what you 're talking about .
So that that {disfmarker} that would be a source of text which is {disfmarker} supposedly got the right vocabulary .
That 's {disfmarker} that 's what I wanna work with ,
is {disfmarker} is things that s the wrong material but the right da the right source .
I could {disfmarker} I could use , uh {disfmarker} I could use your web pages .
You 've got all the web pages on the Meeting Recor
I can use what web pages there are out there on meeting recorders .
There 's {disfmarker} there 's some , uh , Carnegie Mellon stuff , right ?
So , there 's {disfmarker} there 's ICSI , Xerox ,
Um , the " Georgia Tech Classroom Two Thousand " is a good one .
um , I s I know that from {disfmarker} with the near - field mikes some of the problems that come with overlapping speech , uh , are lessened .
so if you 've got someone giving a report you 're not gonna have as much overlap .
But , um , in a meeting which would otherwise be highly overlapping , is the near - field mike enough or should we have some rules of participation for some of our samples to lessen the overlap ?
I don't think we should have rules of participation ,
but I think we should try to {pause} get a variety of meetings .
That 's something that if we get the {disfmarker} the meeting stuff going at UW , that I probably can do more than you guys ,
but {disfmarker} Mark and others have said that there 's quite a lot of found data {comment} from the discourse community that has this characteristic
So it also depends on the style of the group of people .
I just wanted to be sure that we will not be having a lot of data which can't be processed .
So I 'm just writing here , we 're not gonna try to specify rules of interaction
but we 're gonna try to get more variety by i using different {pause} groups of people
and different sizes .
Well , the reason why I didn't want to is be why I personally didn't want to {comment} is because I wanted it to be {pause} as , uh , unintrusive as possi
So there 's lots of recordings that {disfmarker}
They 're not close - talk mike ,
And {disfmarker} and there 's lots of television , you know , stuff on , um , political debates and things like that ,
congre congressional hearings .
and then the CMU folks and I were sort of on the other side in {disfmarker}
cuz they had collected a lot of meetings that were sort of like this
And , I guess we just left it as {disfmarker} @ @ {comment} that {pause} if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it ,
but newly collected data would {disfmarker} would be natural meetings .
Actually , th @ @ {comment} the CMU folk have collected a lot of data .
But as far as I know they didn't offer that data to the community at this meeting .
I mean , we still haven't sent out the first note saying " hey , this list exists " .
We 're just compiling the list .
But it includes like standard corpora that have been used for years in linguistics and {pause} other fields .
but they were recorded anyway , like the congressional hearings and , you know , for legal purposes or whatever .
You know , the pe these people weren't wearing close - talking mikes ,
It 's things occur without any {disfmarker}
So " found data " ,
they mean like established corpora of linguistics and {disfmarker} and other fields , right ?
We should go around and say something interesting that happened at the meeting ?
I just don't know how else to generate the queries other than getting an expert to actually listen to the meeting and say " that 's important ,
And {disfmarker} and th I think that might then help me to think of things {disfmarker} even things that aren't listed in the summary , but just as a {disfmarker} as a {disfmarker} as a refresh of what the general thing was going on in the meeting .
even lip movement and things like that ,
