8	Buw001.s.13	Within the piloting of data collection ideas , it was decided that CrossPads are going to be used for detection of "hot points" during the meeting.
Buw001.D.dialogueact90	108.506	111.046	D	Professor	s	+1	1	and other tasks during data collection ,
Buw001.G.dialogueact117	170.757	176.647	G	Grad	s^df^nd	+1	1	But if we had the CrossPads , we could ask people , you know , if {disfmarker} if something comes up {vocalsound} write it down and mark it {vocalsound} {pause} somehow ,
Buw001.B.dialogueact307	551.66	568.977	B	PhD	s	+1	1	So , if you could sense just when people are writing , and you tell them not to doodle , or try not to {pause} be using that for other purposes , {comment} and each person has a note pad . They just get it when they come in the room . Then you c you can just have a fff {comment} plot of wh you know , who 's writing when .
Buw001.B.dialogueact313	572.559	578.279	B	PhD	s	+1	1	But I bet that 's {disfmarker} that will allow you to go into the {disfmarker} sort of the hot places where people are writing things down .
Buw001.D.dialogueact892	1650.73	1656.4	D	Professor	s^t	+1	2	So {disfmarker} {vocalsound} so the question {comment} that {disfmarker} that we started with was whether there was anything else we should do during {disfmarker} during th during the collection .
Buw001.D.dialogueact894	1656.4	1658.51	D	Professor	s	+1	2	And I guess the CrossPads was certainly one idea ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact963	1790.39	1793.37	A	Professor	fg|s^t^tc	+1	1	OK . So CrossPads , we 're just gonna try it and see what happens .
Buw001.A.dialogueact1423	2588.73	2590.51	A	Professor	s	+1	2	CrossPads we were going to try ,
9	Buw001.s.14	Other ideas to be tested are the use of summaries or minutes -if a group normally produce them- and the recording of oral summaries by individual participants after the meeting.
Buw001.H.dialogueact265	477.495	479.715	H	Postdoc	s	+1	2	And the fir third thing I wanted to say is the summaries afterwards ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact273	496.578	500.238	A	Professor	qh^cs	+1	2	And {disfmarker} So why don't we just use the notes that somebody takes ?
Buw001.H.dialogueact539	1056.11	1061.87	H	Postdoc	s	+1	2	I {disfmarker} e My thought was to have multiple people summarize it , on recording rather than writing
Buw001.H.dialogueact544	1069.5	1072.48	H	Postdoc	s	+1	2	you know , a two - minute summary of what the meeting was about , I think you would get ,
Buw001.H.dialogueact553	1087.04	1095.0	H	Postdoc	s^cs	+1	2	So , my proposal would be that it may be worth considering both of those types , you know , the note - taking and a spontaneous oral summary afterwards ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact971	1803.95	1813.48	A	Professor	s^cs:qy	+1	3	So , I j I think we should just say this is not {disfmarker} we don't want to put any extra burden on people , but if they happen to generate minutes , could {disfmarker} could they send it to us ?
Buw001.A.dialogueact1048	1917.68	1922.86	A	Professor	s^aa|s	+1	2	Yeah . I think that {disfmarker} I think doing it orally at the end of the meeting is the best time .
Buw001.A.dialogueact1428	2603.91	2608.64	A	Professor	s^rt	+1	1	getting electronic summary from a note - taking person if they happen to do it anyway .
Buw001.A.dialogueact1447	2653.16	2662.1	A	Professor	s	+1	2	And then the last thing c would be for those people who are willing to stay afterwards and give an oral summary .
6	Buw001.s.15	Photographing the contents of the board and the positions of the meeting participants will provide extra information.
Buw001.E.dialogueact621	1182.25	1185.16	E	PhD	s	+1	2	I think for this data capture , it would be nice to have a digital camera
Buw001.E.dialogueact624	1185.45	1187.26	E	PhD	s	+1	2	just to take pictures of who 's there ,
Buw001.E.dialogueact626	1188.33	1189.57	E	PhD	s	+1	2	and then we could also put in what 's on the board .
Buw001.D.dialogueact730	1339.47	1346.3	D	Professor	s	+1	2	Well , minimally , I mean , what {disfmarker} what Dan is referring to at least having some representation of the p the spatial position of the people ,
Buw001.D.dialogueact838	1540.5	1545.89	D	Professor	s^cs^e	+1	2	Like for a meeting like this , at least , uh , take a Polaroid of the {disfmarker} {vocalsound} of the {disfmarker} of the boards ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact1432	2616.75	2621.66	A	Professor	s^e	+1	2	a couple digital pictures of the {disfmarker} the table and boards to set the context of the meeting .
4	Buw001.s.16	For query generation purposes , all participants will also be asked for their highlight of the meeting.
Buw001.H.dialogueact1234	2187.14	2190.51	H	Postdoc	s^cs	+1	1	I 'm also wondering if we could ask the {disfmarker} the people a {disfmarker} a question
Buw001.H.dialogueact1236	2190.51	2194.78	H	Postdoc	s^cs^e:qw	+1	1	which would be " what was the most interesting thing you got out of this meeting ? "
Buw001.G.dialogueact1305	2325.07	2330.48	G	Grad	s^e	+1	1	We 'll {disfmarker} I mean , we 'll {disfmarker} we 'll be telling them that the reason we 're trying to do this is {disfmarker} is to d generate queries in the future ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact1433	2622.85	2633.27	A	Professor	fh|s	+1	1	Uh , and then going around the room at the end to just say {disfmarker} qu ask people to mention something interesting that they learned .
1	Buw001.s.17	The general goal regarding the corpus is to investigate the acquisition of further appropriate data through public sources or available collections of other institutions.
Buw001.B.dialogueact2071	3690.22	3700.04	B	PhD	s	+1	2	And , I guess we just left it as {disfmarker} @ @ {comment} that {pause} if there 's found data that can be transformed for use in speech recognition easily , then of course we would do it ,
2	Buw001.s.18	As to recordings at ICSI , the group agreed that imposing rules of participation  in order to avoid speaker overlaps was not desirable.
Buw001.A.dialogueact1986	3490.04	3492.32	A	Professor	s	+1	1	I don't think we should have rules of participation ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact2024	3573.44	3578.51	A	Professor	s	+1	1	So I 'm just writing here , we 're not gonna try to specify rules of interaction
4	Buw001.s.19	Instead , they will aim for collecting stylistically varied data ( different group dynamics and types of meeting ).
Buw001.A.dialogueact1987	3492.32	3496.44	A	Professor	s^cs	+1	1	but I think we should try to {pause} get a variety of meetings .
Buw001.A.dialogueact1988	3496.59	3504.48	A	Professor	s	+1	1	That 's something that if we get the {disfmarker} the meeting stuff going at UW , that I probably can do more than you guys ,
Buw001.D.dialogueact2008	3544.9	3547.35	D	Professor	s	+1	1	So it also depends on the style of the group of people .
Buw001.A.dialogueact2025	3578.51	3584.58	A	Professor	s	+1	1	but we 're gonna try to get more variety by i using different {pause} groups of people
4	Buw001.s.20	Further action will also be taken to close other pending issues: the web pages will be organised , the recording room will be finalised and UW will also test their recording infrastructure.
Buw001.A.dialogueact1603	2901.87	2903.88	A	Professor	s^rt^t	+1	2	people are supposed to send me U R
Buw001.A.dialogueact1604	2904.47	2906.29	A	Professor	s^e^rt	+1	2	for their {disfmarker} for web pages ,
Buw001.A.dialogueact1605	2906.7	2909.03	A	Professor	s	+1	2	to c and I 'll put together an overall cover .
Buw001.D.dialogueact1830	3226.22	3229.67	D	Professor	s	+1	2	We talked about that we 're getting the recording equipment running at UW .
